The one thing that remains to be done is to install the packages.
But also next to installing the packages and let's open another terminal, another power show, another
thing we want to do is yarn and expo Seelie we want to add globally.
So Global Basche Global, and this will install yarn Clie globally.
And so we'll wait for both of these commands to basically succeed.
This is installing the local dependencies of the project and this is installing Expo Zeolite globally.
And once both of these are finished, what we'll basically have is the ability to run focus time locally.
So now that we have everything installed, what we can go ahead and do is we can run, start and this
is going to run start and it's going to open the expo dev tools, open the dev tools, and it's going
to run everything.
So that expo runs locally.
So Expo is now running locally.
And what we can try to do now is if you don't run it with the Android emulator, if you wanted to run
it with the Android emulator, however, you could do something like Jaan Android.
And if you run this command, it'll run inside of the emulator that you've started with Android studio.
But we, Ranaan, start because we want to run it on our phone.
So let me grab my phone and then we can see how it runs.
All right, here we are, XPO is running, and all we have left to do is to scan this QR code over here.
So if I point my phone at the QR code, it's going to say open an expo.
And if I open that an expo, what's going to happen is it's going to connect to Expo in Windows.
And you can see that this happened because if you go to a visual studio code.
This is going to get help, that's the console log that we just had, and if I refresh it again, well,
you're going to see it pop up again.
So we are effectively running off of windows.
And if I feel something in here like test, well, then.
That's going to start playing back paws remove and we didn't complete test amazing, so we've just gone
end to end with running on windows and it was that simple, just a couple of commands that we needed
to run and we were good to go.
And so now there's just one more thing that I need to show you, and that is if you were able to run
your emulator with Android studio and it is up and running and it's booted and you don't have an Android
or iOS phone, which is highly unlikely these days, but it can happen.
You may have a Windows phone, you may have something else.
They do tend to dominate the market.
But let's say you have to run the emulator.
So if you have the emulator up and running and this is a precondition, you always have to have the
emulator up and running.
What you can do is inside a focused time, you can run your own android.
And what this will do is it will run the same yarns, start that we did.
It's going to open up the bundler.
And then it's going to target our emulator, but not only target our emulator, it's going to install
everything for us and focus time will be up and running inside of our emulator.
Before you know it, we can say, hey, let's focus on some gardening, but bring about a boom.
We're good to go, and here it is.
All right, so now that we know how to run both on our phone and on our emulator from the setup that
we just did, we're good to go.